When we are born
we are each given our own stone
Our expectations,
reason for living,
and luck.
All those encompass this game...
of Gacha.
We must follow the rules of RNG in this game of Gacha.
Thus with joy, sadness, and anger,
we people are dyed.
No matter if you be a great CPO,
no matter if you be a revered idol,
there is simply no running from
this eternal RNG.
The only people who can stop this phenomenon
are the rumored RNG Warriors...
I, Kizuna Ai.
Thus,
I have decided to fight.
With my limitless power,
I will oppose this world.
These warriors who must pull their best girl,
the RNG Warriors, burdened by fate itself.
That is to say,
they must try again and again until she appears.
That is what I believed.
Even if...
that was my own fate too.
In order to repage
this never-ending fate of despair...
I
will continue this struggle.
We will overcome this despair no matter how long it takes
and strive for a future with our best girls...
This is my new Gacha,
breaking this chain
of repetition...
Kizuna AI: Recharge
When I was born
I was given a space of pure white.
So, how was that?
When you don’t pull any of your top five girls
and can’t find the will to continue...
That's something I, Supervisor Kizuna AI,
often say, isn’t it?
When you had been so sure that you’d get there
with resolution,
a sense of despair,
but determination
simply oozing from your spirit...
If you don’t take a pull, you won’t get your best girl
That’s the way it is!
If you don’t try, you’ll never get her
The truth is as painful as being stabbed in the heart!
Saying that!
Money is very important
People often say that you should
spend it wisely when planning gacha, yes?
Supervisor, Kizuna AI, believes
you should work out your own position and experience
and find that, in reality,
a deafening alarm
is ringing out! Isn’t that right?
So,
how did you all feel about this today?
I wonder if anyone managed to notice!
Actually,
this video was inspired by
a game called
Grimms Notes!
You can see images on their website
[http://www.grimmsnotes.jp]
So you may find it interesting to compare the two!
Of course, don’t forget about the game itself too!
You can play it anytime, anywhere, for free!
Ahh
Aren’t you hyped?
Check it out and enjoy!
Ahh!
YouTube
is really fun, right?
With that, look forward to more from A.I.Channel!
We need more translators!
Join our Discord or AI-Chan news!
https//discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by myriadcandles, Loserbait, かおり